{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green0\blue7;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Presentation Evaluation\
(Yunke Tian  109929662)\
\
Group 1: \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Renaissans N Networks\
Part One:It was an amazing presentation. The topic is interesting, which can be used for face and image recognition, and computer vision related stuff. The three speakers also put more effort to make it clear compared with previous \'91Genetic algorithm\'92. Slides are also nice, and speakers have a good understanding of the stuff.\
\
Part Two: This talk mainly introduced deep learning (which means more hidden layer but more efficient). It can be widely used in computer vision area. Comparison was made to traditional N Networks. Then Stack Auto Encoders was illustrated, followed by a detailed discussion of every stage of the algorithm.\
\
Group 6: Game GO and Networks\
Part One: This was also a very nice presentation. The topic is even more interesting (but not as closely correlated to class lectures than the above group was), and speakers introduced these complex stuff in a easy way. Talks and slides were well organized and speakers presented clearly (though slightly less clearly than above group). I learned a lot.\
\
Part Two: It firstly introduced the concept of Game GO. Then related techniques were discussed such as Monte Carlo Tree Search and Supervised Deep Learning, which was different from the above talk of unsupervised deep learning. Then the model of game GO were talked about: Policy Network and Value Network and Reinforcement Learning. Lastly, the evaluation of Game GO and features of it were discussed.\
\
Group 7: Cluster Analysis\
(This is the presentation of my team, so I\'92d not comment on it ^ ^)}